# Manifesto

We are a group of coders, libertarians, and cryptoanarchists. Behind the jovial façade, our TruthMeme project actually has a serious ambition: first, to release and maintain an open source meme sharing and rewarding software platform, working on [Nostr](https://nostr.com/) and Web3; second, to operate its main network, and thus raise the necessary financing; and third, to continue building on the code, allow more than memes, and eventually offer to the world an uncensorable, untamperable and uncancellable journalistic platform.

Our philosophical premise is this one: Truth exists, as a natural expression of Divine Providence; liberty, beauty and love are other projections, from different angles, of that same underlying, natural substance. This absolute Truth exists, but it is unknowable: natural constants for example, that are always irrational, can never be expressed with perfect accuracy despite their objective, absolute existence. However unknowable, the ultimate Truth can still be approximated: indeed we can say 3 is closer to Pi than 4, even though Pi’s perfection is itself unknowable.

In other words: Truth exists objectively, but we can never claim to know it perfectly. Absolute certitudes are a mark of ignorance, and a symptom of obscurantism. Serving the Truth involves proposing better approximations of it, it is rooted in humility and reverence, and it serves no other purpose than serving Truth itself.

So what’s the best way to allow the emergence of Truth’s best approximations? The answer is simple: rely on the decentralized and distributed consciousness of humanity. Decentralization is naturally congruent with emergence, and thus beauty. That’s why liberty works better than tyranny, or why open source software produces more beauty than monolithic, closed alternatives.

This philosophical premise is of course a philanthropic one: we postulate the inherent beauty of consciousness. We trust individual, sovereign human minds acting freely and unilaterally, knowing that Nature will orchestrate them into a symphony. Emergent, spontaneous, unknown order and beauty. The true _ordo ab chao_.

So to do that, we decided to start with memes. There is beauty in simplicity, when there isn’t anything left to remove, instead of anything to add. Memes are a great way to express that beautiful simplicity. They’re a superior tool to hack the clown world; they are reflective of the Internet, which itself is reflective of the superiority of individual human action. 

**Step 1** is to release and maintain an open source meme sharing and rewarding code base, based on [Nostr](https://nostr.com/) and Web3. [Nostr](https://nostr.com/) means it is inherently decentralized and software instances can be distributed (federated) while still belonging to the same network. Web3 involves an underlying crypto token that rewards participants, both on the server side and on the client side, and effectively serves as the fuel of the operation. 

**Step 2** is to operate our own federated network of instances, that relies on our own token. As maintainers of the main code base, we think we can do a very good job at it, and grow it to a substantial size. We hope however to witness a vibrant and diverse ecosystem of federated networks, with the occasional unions, secessions, and netsplits, as in the old days of IRC.

**Step 3** is to fork the main code base by proposing a second platform, that we will commit to maintain in parallel, that goes beyond memes. It is to represent the new form of journalism, but more on that later. As we stand in November 2023, we are at Step 0. We are launching the pre-sale of the token mentioned in Step 2, that will allow building all the subsequent code. 

The entire code base that we operate will always be offered to the world for free. This starts now: [here is the GitHub repository](https://github.com/verity-team/dws) with the software we use to offer the ERC-20 token for pre-sale (front-end) and to parse (back-end) the Ethereum blockchain ETH and stablecoin transactions and record them in a database. This can be used for a vast variety of purposes, by anyone looking to parse and record the Ethereum blockchain transactions to a particular address or contract.
